feat(docs): Add changeset instructions to contributing documentation (#2417)
devopness/devopness: CONTRIBUTING.md

[Click here to learn what changesets are, and how to add one.](https://github.com/changesets/changesets/blob/main/docs/adding-a-changeset.md)

### Adding a changeset
Don't forget to also include a changeset, by running this command at the root of the project:

```sh

> yarn changeset

Reviewer: @AladinoBorges 

This repo has a [package-lock.json](https://github.com/devopness/devopness/blob/main/package-lock.json#L814) in its root, and not a ~yarn.lock~. 
For this reason I believe our command examples should use `npm` instead of `yarn`. Or maybe even simpler, `npx` to execute directly from the command line without needing to install first?

```suggestion
npx changeset
```

## Getting Help

If you want to talk with other folks in the Devopness community (including members of the Devopness team) please [start a discussion](https://github.com/devopness/devopness/discussions) and we will soon get in touch with you.

## Releases

> We publish package releases and changelogs using [GitHub Releases](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github) together with Changesets.

Reviewer: I don't think here the reader of this file needs help to find out the docs for `GitHub releases`. Perhaps could be more useful to guide them to see the history of releases i this repo?

```suggestion
We publish package releases and changelogs using [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/devopness/devopness/releases) together with Changesets.
```
